all right got a 2012 Kia Soul 2.0 liter
here is your oil drain pan it's a 17
millimeter on the drain club your oil
filter is located directly in front of
the pan the pan is on the passenger side
of the motor very easy breezy oil change
now the best way to get this that filter
off is with my favorite tool
the filter clamp and extension stick
that stick that on there
boys remember to Lube the new gasket
make sure the old gasket is not on the
spindle play and it is not so we're
gonna install our new filter
this is a really clean oil
tighten up our dreams lug
all right so now that we're finished
it's going to take three point five
quarts of oil that's three and a half
quarts of oil down the hatch